(light percussion music)
In our last interview,
you kind of dropped a little bombshell on us
that had come through recently from Kirael
about the fact that we have more than one aspect
that's living incarnated at a given time,
and that when this shift happens,
we are going to have a consolidation
of consciousness into one vehicle.
I think, is that a proper way to put it?
That's fair, yes.
That the other aspects of ourself,
those other bodies will poof, somehow go away.
I know that you and I and everybody is gonna have a hard--
We'll be able to think about that forever
to get our minds around it.
So now, let's go ahead and move on
to all of the preparation that's happening even now.
I'm noticing a large amount of energy shifting
in terms of consciousness, personally.
A mild state of euphoria.
Interesting physical sensations.
Yeah.
What is this preparatory stage
that's happening right now,
and I want to go into the photon energy as well.
Let's face it.
Anybody that's listened to my interview so far
has wanted to come back.
They're already gonna start to understand what I'm saying.
They're gonna believe not what I'm saying,
but they're gonna believe what they have to believe.
For instance, when you talk about the mild euphoria,
this whole journey is our brain is expanding.
Every day.
Some people can--
You know, this whole thing about
where did I leave my car keys,
or where did I park my car,
that's all stuff that you've been brought up to believe in.
If you don't believe in it,
then you've got to believe the other side of it.
You know where your car is.
Just go out there and get it.
You know where your keys are because you put it there.
This whole journey is about,
this whole thing with my brain,
my brain, your brain, everybody's brain,
but not just a brain,
how about your midriff and things like this.
Oh, big changes.
That's right.
It's absolutely perfect and that's what I'm trying
to get people to get with me right now,
is if they just get positive,
get to a positive mode.
I'm not trying to sell you a positive seminar
because I don't have a seminar,
but the positive is the--
You've only got two choices, negative or positive, right,
because we live in a duality.
Yeah we can flow with it
and thrive through the process
or fight it and whatever comes from that.
That's right.
That's the whole thing is that most people
are gonna go to the negative.
If you get a little twinge in your shoulder today,
and you're just like, "Oh what is that?"
"Oh God, I better go to the doctor," or whatever.
I don't go see the doctor.
I should more than I do but I'll tell you this,
I know that for me, it's something that I've got to do
to get my body prepared for this shift.
I'm not even sure I'm gonna be there,
but I'm gonna prepare for it just in case,
this whole journey,
because this whole thing is preparing the body.
Let's suppose that you use,
you're much higher than 10% brain.
You just know this.
I can tell you, you're probably 18 - 20%.
Somewhere in that neighborhood.
It may be even more.
I don't know, but you know what I'm saying.
This whole journey is about
what are you gonna do with this brain power?
So if you're gonna sit back
and you're gonna cry, boo, boo hoo,
that's not gonna be the answer for anybody
Right.
Nobody's gonna win from that answer,
but if you get something
and you want to really get into what you've just gotten,
this is what you gotta get.
You gotta get to it right now because the whole journey
is about what you and I are gonna do
with what we've got right now.
If you're just aiming at what you're gonna get,
you're never gonna get there,
because you know, that's always out there.
What you've got is what you do right now.
In the now is what you've gotta get with,
and that's right what you've got to get for everything.
It doesn't fail.
It never fails you.
Right.
There is a huge explosion
of cosmic energy, momentum that is occurring.
I definitely am feeling that
and the greater mind is just so available.
I talk about this thing called photon energy.
In fact, if they want, they can go into
the site right now and they can see it on there.
There's a photon chart Master Kirael gives us every month.
This whole journey is about,
what you gotta hear me say is
what you feel right now as the sunshine on your head,
it may not be just sunshine.
It may be this photon that we're experiencing,
Exactly.
because there's so much within the earth plane.
Gregg Braden told about this 20 years ago.
He talked about this flow of energy coming.
Master Kirael was talking to him for 20 years.
It's always gonna be there,
but right now it's actually palatable to us.
You can actually feel it.
You walk and you feel something on your face.
There's nothing there,
but that's what you're getting right now.
Yes.
The top of the head extremely.
Next time you get something,
see which side it's coming in, right or left side,
because if it's the right side,
it's gonna be more or less like the right brain,
but the left side is gonna get in there
and figure out what it is.
It's really fascinating because I think you're gonna find
more of your stuff is gonna be on the right side
because this is what it's all gonna come to anyway.
Eventually it's gonna all through the right side.
I do feel a lot on the right side.
Almost like fingers touching my head a lot of the time,
Yeah.
and all of it.
I'm used to it.
It's been a lot of years, but it's more so now.
The photon energy.
Just the information of every kind
is so effortlessly available is the main thing.
Again, like I said, I think if people understand
that this is all a natural part of it,
then there's nothing to fight.
That's right
For me, it actually,
this last blast that started opening
brought nausea, just mild nausea.
My stomach was weird and it was hard to kind of settle down.
Yet, overlaying it, this openness in clarity
in the mind was heightened,
as well as these feelings of euphoria, mild euphoria.
So it's just riding through each part
and witnessing it and not attaching,
because it's going to change again and again, right?
That's exactly right.
You're talking about being upset in that area.
That whole area right here to here is so powerful
because that's our center of gravity.
Yes.
Everything on this planet is based around this center.
We've got all this stuff at the top,
but our legs, our little legs are just drawing down.
The whole journey is about what's gonna happen right here.
Our whole body, you have to hear what I'm saying.
It's happening in the whole abdomen,
the whole center.
That's the center of everything.
It's gonna be squished down
and pushed apart and pulled apart.
You're gonna have to get through some pains.
I'm sorry to say but it's alright
because you don't want to lose sleep over it
because it's just gonna be that way.
You just gotta be ok with your nausea or whatever.
Right.
It's gonna go away eventually
when you get it all settled out.
You're gonna think what was that all about now?
What difference does it make because it's gone.
It doesn't matter.
It was just part of the process.
That's right.
So let's talk about photon energy.
When you say photon energy,
is it fair for me to assume that you're talking about,
in eastern traditions what's called prana?
Yes, absolutely.
Ok because I see that
in the morning sometimes, depending on the light.
I thought we wouldn't be able to see anything.
it would be a whiteout if we were all
looking at the prana all the time.
That's right, that's right.
So let's talk about how we
actively use the photon pranic energy.
Well, I teach something called Signature Cell Healing,
which I'm very proud of because I have a very--
It's a two day seminar, but I'm not trying to sell it.
I'm just telling you.
It's well taught and it's always
going to be based on pranic energy.
The photon energy is gonna be there.
It's always how you're gonna breathe.
Remember what I told you when we did the first interview,
I told you that Master Kuro said, "Breathe laddy, breathe."
You breathed life back into yourself'.
You breathed yourself back into your body.
Exactly.
I didn't feel any breathe when I was up to here.
I didn't notice if I was breathing or not.
I think I was because I wasn't dead.
I was a little bluish, but not blue.
My breathing, this whole journey
right down to the pineal gland
into the thymus and then down to the bone marrows,
everything, all of this energy brought back into my body.
That's why I took such a short recovery time
to get out of this whole journey.
If I didn't have that at that time,
if I just breathe,
you know what I'm saying, that's not gonna work.
You have to breathe deeply.
When you breathe deeply,
first thing, you talk about mild,
feeling that your--
Euphoria.
Thank you, bless you.
Understand this whole journey,
people that over breathe,
and they don't breathe into their body,
then it stays in the head, right.
All that photon energy is only gonna stop in your brain,
and you're not breaking it down in yourself.
That's where you feel that euphoria,
but that's the perfect thing because what you do now
is you pull it from there down through,
and you feel this upset stomach.
Bring it down through here
and bring it right into this upset stomach,
and just immediately watch it go away.
That's all you gotta do is a couple of things
like that right there and you know what you're doing,
and that's the perfect--
This is really important information
for everybody that's feeling these sensations already,
and everybody will.
Oh Yeah.
It will show in whatever way,
but this is really important information
to use this energy to, what would you say?
It's almost like, well energize.
It is.
To energize, to infuse with life force.
So, if you have 50 million people listening
to this thing right now, you gotta know
that 10 million of them, that may be high.
Maybe 5 million are gonna try it.
The other 45 million are gonna go,
"Don't bother with this stuff."
"This guy's crazy."
That's ok because 5 million is all I'm looking for.
You know, because this thing right now,
if you do it right now and you catch that feeling,
and you bring it down through you,
and you breeze it right into this journey,
right where you're feeling upset,
you'll feel the energies go,
it just goes out.
Yes.
Gone, and you gotta do that once or twice and you're sold.
You can do this
for healing really anything within.
Oh yes.
In fact, I was listening to, or reading,
I can't remember now, on your site.
I thought this was such a trip talking about
how you can direct the energy
for healing others as well, of course.
Same thing, down through the arm and hand, projecting it,
but how you can do this with your fuel tank.
Yeah.
This was amazing.
Can you talk about that for a minute?
This is one of those fun little bits in this interview.
I'll tell you this.
This fuel tank we're talking about
is the pranic energy that all of us have,
that it's already in us without even knowing it.
Just walking outside the store right now,
Energy is gonna go right into you.
If you don't want it, it's just gonna get there.
It begins in this fuel tank,
but you can get into this energy by going through
my system, coming out
down my arms, down to my hands,
and get into your Pati and go right there
and ignite that fuel system right before your eyes.
Everybody knows this is possible, right.
Yes, now I was talking quite literally.
There was a bit from Kirael.
You may or may not even remember it,
where Kirael is talking about,
he said you can actually get better gas mileage in your car.
Oh yes.
While you're filling the tank,
running the prana through you and infusing it
into the tank with the gasoline as it's filling,
and that you actually get--
Yeah, that's right.
It's so perfect because with all these gas prices.
$5 a gallon in Hawaii, right,
Right.
which is just outrageous.
He said if you're gonna stand there,
you gotta hold the thing anyway.
Why don't you run the energy down into your thymus,
back down your arm and right into the nozzle.
I'm thinking, well what the heck.
He never lied, right, so I stand there,
and I swear to God I could feel the energy
coming out of my hand, going into the tank,
and it's like the fuel tank was actually glowing.
It was really glowing.
Did you get better mileage?
Oh yes.
Ok, alright, you already have us sold.
We'll all give that a try.
Anyone who can run energy,
let's try it next time we fill up.
That's right.
It's good all the way around.
It's so simple because all you gotta do
is you gotta breathe it in
right down your arm,
Yeah.
and right into the tank.
It works. It's so perfect.
I think it's, again, I said this earlier,
but it's important for people to know that
if you can train your eyes to see it,
it's unfathomable how much energy
is piercing down from the cosmos through us
and every living thing on this planet at all times.
I used to love watching it on morning walks.
It was just sheets, almost like sleet, hail,
just sheets of energy pouring into the earth.
So it's very, very real in just imagining that.
One of the things that you wrote about--
Thank you for that.
I wanted to get into the photon energy.
One of the things that I read on your site
that Kirael has talked about is also
the resurrection of the feminine energy,
and it's place in all of this.
Can you please talk about that?
Yeah, I'd be glad to because,
and I'm gonna talk about something that may feel
a little uneasy on this whole journey.
I have a group of people, they're called the Goddess Lights,
Silver Wings, or Goddess Light and they're at the church.
They go around country.
This is gonna throw your audience off a little bit,
but there's a place that we know as the Maria.
The Maria, yes.
The Maria, right.
This whole journey was 50,000 years ago.
So what do we know about 50,000 years ago.
Master Kirael will tell you or Kryon
or somebody's telling you,
but they're all saying the same thing,
so this might be something about it.
This whole journey was at the end of that time,
this Goddess Light, which was really,
it was matriotical, matriotic
because their whole journey was about fairness
and everything ran on counsels.
They didn't have a president.
They had a queen, but not that type of queen.
This whole journey was run on counsels,
and the matriotic, the point of this whole journey
was Goddess theme, but what they--
This is gonna sound crazy, but here it comes.
At the end of the Maria, the beautiful energies
that were supposed to be a third-dimensional journey
had gotten already fourth dimensional.
The Creator made decisions or whatever
that this is supposed to be a third-dimensional reality.
So, He took this Goddess Light,
and I guess He drew them all together,
and He actually told them they had to go
and actually put these hooks into the matrix energy.
What's this matrix energy we're talking about?
What we're all doing right now is the matrix energy, right.
They went out around the world, literally around the world,
and they actually drove this energy into the matrix
and hooked the matrix to it, and there it was.
It's been that way for like 50,000 years.
I'm saying, this is a little hard for you to grasp.
No, I understand the matrix.
I understand that, but what are you saying,
what was the purpose of the feminine energy
hooking into the matrix, again?
They actually had to hook this matrix down to this planet
because we had already gone into a fourth dimension.
Oh I see, because we were
moving into another frequency.
Right, right.
The God Creator said, "No, I want this to be"
"a third-dimensional energy."
It's all about yin and yang,
the front, the back, the boy, girl, up, down.
Yup.
Everything has an opposite.
So that's what the matrix is all about, right.
So they went around the world
and they just went into places like Patty's been to.
My wife's been to places like Japan and Machu Picchu,
and just every place around the world.
Russia, she's done it, and so on and so forth.
Their whole journey is about going out there
and now removing these hooks again.
So what they went in and put in 50,000 years ago,
somebody's gotta go pull them out now.
So they're really striving.
This whole journey is so powerful.
I'm just as proud of it as I could be
because it is matriotical, but I understand this,
and I'm not talking about me, male, you, female.
The female energy is X chromosome.
X Chromosome, Y for males.
That's just gotta tell you something.
The four bodies, one, two, three, four.
Yes.
That's perfect.
That's what I'm saying.
I say this to you because thank God, you're a female,
but this whole journey is about you're the female
and you know what you're doing.
You know it beyond your wildest expectation.
That's what I've gotta depend on.
I've gotta depend on you to be there for us,
and that's our turn, your turn.
The thing that you've gotta understand,
the female has been put down for a very long time.
You know it and I know it.
I'm not trying to make it bad or good or anything.
It's just what happened.
They are now coming alive.
They're becoming so alert.
You're in charge of your interview.
You know that.
You're in charge, no question about it,
but this whole journey is because you know what's going on.
At some point, you're gonna have to
let this X thing come out a little bit stronger.
You're Goddess Weave, or your Goddess Light,
or whatever you wanna call yourself
is gonna be so powerful.
So you have this little thing going in your stomach.
That's just perfect for what we're talking about,
the great shift.
I'd like to think it's gonna be 2012, but I don't know.
It could be 2018 for all I can tell you,
but the sooner the better because I just wanna get it on.
You know, let's just do this thing, right,
because I wanna get to this fourth light
right here on this planet.
Right.
Right here.
Our DNA is having to
go through some extreme stretches
in order to prepare for this.
Can you talk about the DNA changes?
Yeah, I can tell you this and again,
just hear what I'm saying and then you do
what you wanna do with it.
Understand that most you females,
you're really not separate.
You're the notch that we're trying to groove into, right.
That's a terrible thing to say, but it's really the truth.
This whole journey is about
your DNA is already four strands.
You're not just a two-strand DNA that you think you are.
You know you're not because you're feeling things,
like you said, when you're doing your walk,
your morning walks, what are you seeing?
Pranan.
Nobody else is seeing it, but you're seeing it.
My wife sees it, where she's going out
doing these hook removals.
They did one in
Niagra Falls.
Niagra Falls in New York.
They went into Niagra Falls and did this hook removal.
They had to go under the water to get this thing.
Literally, their minds go into there,
but this whole journey is about the DNA strands.
I can show you right now that anybody
that's gonna listen to this thing
for any interest at all,
they're gonna get anything from this thing,
they can check into their own energies right now.
They can see the two strands that people can't see anymore.
The doctors can't see them.
No they can, but they're not gonna admit it, right.
You really can't because they're already,
now we're going to six strands.
We haven't even gotten the four straightened up
and we're gonna go to six strands.
So what I'm saying to you is this DNA thing
is happening so quickly and so powerfully
that it's gonna happen so automatically,
that people are gonna be caught way off guard
on this whole journey.
That's the truth.
I tell you this.
That's the one thing I can tell you right now.
They're gonna be caught off guard
because they'll have never heard this interview
and they're just gonna go to the doctor,
and the doctor will say, "What is that?"
You know, the four strands of DNA.
What am I gonna do with this,
because it's not what this body is made for.
Is it? Might be, might be.
Well when you've got 95% "junk DNA,"
that can't be right.
That's right, that's right.
So we're simply firing up aspects
that have been dormant, very rapidly.
How does the sun play into this?
The sun is actually,
the sun, it does play.
You turn back in time, for instance,
and I'm not an authority but I just know this.
Jesus Christ came onto this earth plane,
whether you wanna believe it or not.
Somebody was there doing something,
because we're talking about 2,000 years.
We're still talking about him.
He was doing something powerful.
Well, that's the truth.
He died at a very short age, a young age.
If you really look at history,
you recognize that Christ consciousness.
Was He born Christ?
No, He wasn't born Christ.
He got Christed.
Forgive me, my lack of words, but he got Christed
in this journey with a guy named John the Baptist.
The Goddess when into this state,
put a circle around him and did this whole journey.
Here's what he says.
This is the water and the Goddess put this band
of photon energy 2000 years ago, my God.
John the Baptist, he would dunk him and stand him up, right.
With Jesus, what he did is he dunked Him and brought Him up,
and brought Him right here,
so just His nose, His face was out of the water,
and He got all this photon energy.
This is why He glowed.
He literally glowed because He was so filled with energy.
So He walks out of this journey and just a matter
of a couple years later He's dead.
Well, it says He's dead, but that's all stories.
You have to understand Christianity died
with Jesus for 300 years.
You can go and people, go check it out.
There's nothing in the books that says anything
about anything that can prove
anything happened for 300 years.
Yes, I'm familiar with that.
The Catholic Church.
Constantine.
That's right, they brought it all back.
They lit it up and it went on again.
We're still talking about this man, 2,000 years.
It's a powerful guy.
He has also an X-chromosome.
X-chromosome.
Yes, he didn't have a father.
Yeah, yeah.
He had a mother.
I see what you're saying, yeah.
Well I will say one thing.
I've been to John the Baptist's hang out.
Oh really?
To the cave where he supposedly
did his deep work and meditations,
and the wells right next to it and so forth.
I had the most mind-blowing experience of my life in there.
Totally unexpectedly, of course.
Oh my God.
I was just
sitting down to check out the energies
and there was a show of unbelievable proportions.
Some kind of initiation I will probably not understand
until I'm out of the physical.
So, power JuJu.
Powerful JuJu there.
(laughs)
Sometimes I hear myself talking about this stuff
and think, did I really say that?
I did, didnt I.
It's really embarrassing because I believe
everything I've told you.
Everything I've told you has been my truth.
I don't profess for anybody to figure it
or understand it or even wanna believe it,
but I know it's truth.
That's what I know.
Yes, and you have
thousands and thousands upon thousands of people
that listen to you and come to see you speak
around the globe.
So we've talked about the photon energy.
We've talked about the DNA and the sunshine.
Let's get a little bit denser.
The way we're feeding our physical bodies
has to change in order to be able
to make this leap in refinement.
That's right.
Can you talk about that?
Kirael has gone on about that a bit.
Yeah, in fact he's not real happy with me right now
because I'm a little overweight,
but I understand it because I'm too busy
doing something else.
Wrong, I just gotta get hold of my journey,
because you've got to have a body,
and I don't say this to anybody out there
that's suffering weight problems.
There's so many people that are really suffering
from weight problems right now,
but I want you to hear me say this.
When you're ready to change,
you're gonna change just like that.
Just boink.
We need to talk about that.
We need to talk about that very thing.
That fascinated me most, reading your site.
Let's talk about that, and then go into the food,
since you're already there.
Alright.
You were saying that
do not talk about change.
Do not talk about new endeavors
until you are absolutely prepared to begin.
That's right.
Why is that?
Talk about the energetic dynamic of this.
That's it right there.
It's in the dynamics because you've got
this whole journey going on right now.
You have to understand this whole journey
is about what you're gonna feel.
You're gonna feel it and if you're doing something about it,
then you're gonna get a good feeling.
If you're not gonna do it, you're gonna feel worse,
and it's gonna continually get worse and worse and worse.
But what is this about the commitment,
rather than saying, oh I'm going to start,
I'm going to the gym,
I'm going to start going to the gym.
Everybody says that.
Yeah, they do, and then they don't do it.
What does this set up inside when we say it and don't do it?
It's sets up you pushing yourself
back away in the shift, basically.
Every time you're gonna say--
Because I tell you, don't talk about it
until you really wanna do it,
because if you're gonna set it up and you're gonna say
go to the gym, and you go once or twice,
and then you don't go back, you're actually defaulting.
You're whole body is defaulted.
It's tried to go with you.
It's tried to go to the gym.
You're gonna work too hard, or whatever.
You're not gonna enjoy it, whatever,
you're just not gonna do it,
but that defaults this whole system,
this body system, right.
In the first interview we talked about the 6 billion people.
You gotta understand, this whole thing has gotta be prepared
to make this great shift in consciousness.
I'm not saying about something happening
that's gonna boom down on your or anything
but it could be that bad.
Understand this whole thing, if you're gonna do something
and you're gonna back away from it,
you're gonna default this whole journey.
Defaulting simply means you're defaulting
and you're gonna go back a huge step.
So no false starts.
Do it or don't do it.
That's right.
Think about it, think you're gonna do it,
but don't put yourself in that program.
Don't start the program until you know you're gonna do it.
You gotta know because if you don't,
you're gonna pay a certain price for everything.
I don't like to talk about this too much
because it's a little frightening,
but if you're gonna do these things,
and you're gonna pay a price, a serious price.
You can get sick or anything.
If you start these journeys and you don't keep them going,
you're faulting, and you're gonna default,
and you're gonna fault backwards.
If you're body has come up this far,
and you fault back to here, that's where it's at.
So you gotta be prepared for this really quickly.
Ok.
Be prepared running now.
So just do what I say.
Don't start until you know you're gonna do it.
Then you're gonna do it.
Ok, now let's go to the food.
Ok.
We need to change what we're doing.
You do need to.
You need to, and I have a good friend.
His name is Rob and he doesn't really love my journey
because I told him that Pastor Kirael said that,
for instance, the persons that are not gonna go
through this shift are non-evolving animals,
and one of those is a cow,
which means he's not gonna have his hamburgers.
He really got upset, really upset.
He said, "I'm not going through"
"this shift without hamburgers."
I said, you know, it's alright,
because you know as well as I do,
there's certain things we should be eating,
and certain things we shouldn't be doing.
The whole journey is, when you get to this point,
I'm not trying to make everybody a vegetarian.
I'm really not.
I'm just telling you that the closer
you can come to vegetarian,
then the better you're gonna feel.
If you feel better, then you're gonna look better.
If you look better, you're gonna do something better.
So this whole thing becomes a cycle of understanding,
and it starts with your food.
You're intake of food.
So, what I'm saying to everybody
is find something in the vegetables
that you really like and go with them.
Eat them everyday.
When you're talking, again,
direct contact with the sun, photo nutrients.
That's right.
These vital nutrients actually.
These vital nutrients are much finer
than virtually anything else we put into our body.
These things that are alive with color, right?
That's right.
So, what Master Kirael said,
he said that everybody's gonna go through
this shift that needs to be there.
Look at like a--
I hate to say it but the cockroach
is gonna make it through the shift.
Bummer, right?
Highly adaptable.
Yeah, I know, they're really--
But a cow, a loving cow,
well it's not really a loving cow,
but a nice cow is just gonna walk around
because he's not evolving.
He's not doing anything.
He just gives a little milk, he gives a little hamburger
and that's it, you know, that's the end of it.
Master Kirael says that it doesn't happen that rate.
This energy is not gonna go through the shift.
Bummer as it may sound but that's where it is.
So, what I'm saying to everybody is that
if they'd start, again, if they're willing to start,
and keep going, because this whole journey is about
what you're gonna do to satiate your own energies.
This whole journey is about what you can,
as I said, find something in the vegetable line
that you can really like.
Broccoli or whatever, and you can get behind it.
Then eat it as much as you can,
because what will happen, I pray,
that we'll all get caught up to this whole journey,
and we'll stop with the eating as much meat
as we have in the past,
and we just really get into the veg--
Because, as you said, the light, the sunlight
that grows this thing that we're supposed
to be eating to begin with
until our cave men came in.
That's the JuJu right there.
That's my stroke energy.
The cave men came in and they decided
to kill something and eat it.
That's wrong, but that's what we've done.
What you get is the sunlight.
The sun is such a beautiful--
I get that, I get that.
It comes and you're eating it, you just feel better.
You just feel better right there on the spot.
So, that's the journey, right.
So living in harmony with earth
as earth shifts back into the fourth-dimensional fields,
which is well under way,
and we want to stay with and in harmony with that.
Any other final thoughts about our own interaction
with the earth itself as she makes her transition?
Well let me say this and this is kind of a cute thing
because everybody kind of likes this, I don't know why,
but Master Kirael said one time, 20 years ago,
he said after the three days of darkness
when you've all gotten up and you're shaking yourself off,
and you realize, my God, I've made it through this shift,
what you're gonna do is you're gonna jump in the air,
and it's gonna take you forever to get back to the ground.
You know, I laughed, but it's really true
because in that three days,
what happened to me in my three days
has really began to make sense to me now,
but what I'm saying to you,
these people that float up into the air
and then slowly come down--
It's a density shift.
That's right because the mitochondria in the body,
the cells, is already growing right now.
If it's not getting attacked by free radicals
and things like these.
Toxins.
Toxins, because it's gonna get in there
and they're gonna get bigger.
You know, I say it's gonna be this big,
it's gonna be that big, but you know what I'm saying.
It's so tiny you can't see it,
but 70 trillion of them, you can feel it.
That's what I'm trying to say to everybody.
Just do it as right as you can.
Don't beat up yourself.
Please don't beat yourself up.
You know, you're a beautiful lady
and everything is going well for you,
and that's beautiful,
but the guy who's 200 pounds
on a five foot frame and he's just a rolly polly,
he's feeling bad when he hears this thing right here
because I'm saying that he's got problems.
You don't have a problem my friend.
If you want it, you don't have to.
You just gotta make your changes.
Just do them slowly and be prepared
to celebrate everything you've done.
Celebrate everything you've done in a heartbeat
because this is what this whole journey is about.
If you can celebrate, if you lose an ounce next week,
not a whole pound,
if you look there and you're six ounces lighter,
half a pound lighter, whatever, celebrate it.
Tell everybody.
Tell everybody you dropped a half a pound,
and I'm feeling good.
I'm telling you serious, because what you're gonna do
is you're gonna microfy it, this whole journey
is gonna be macroformed into this head,
and you're gonna think--
The people say, "That's very good."
"You lost a half a pound (scoffs),"
but they're not gonna say that for you.
They're gonna say, "Oh that's really good,"
and you hear it and you're gonna take it
and you're gonna go run with it again.
You'll run it again and again and again,
and within just a matter of pure time,
you're just gonna look at yourself
in the mirror and say oh my God.
I've lost 50 pounds and I didn't do anything.
I didn't do anything.
I just lost 50 pounds.
It's that simple.
It is that simple.
I'm not trying to put my friends out of business,
that have their health farms and everything,
but it really is just that simple.
So, that's what I'd offer and I thank you for your time.
It's been really a pleasure for me.
It's been a total pleasure for me.
A wild ride.
Thank you so much,
God bless you.
Kahu.
Thank you.
(light percussion music)